welcome to LP revival on how I'm staying
I'm in we're here to talk about
Nirvana's bleach album reissue this 2009
recently released in 1989 20-year
anniversary reissue of this out on white
vinyl just like it was released in 1989
so the thousand the reason we announced
here male you to collect loved listen to
you'll get the two lv set which is
actually a moment in a live out above
the in Y value and from nothing I'll
audiences with it give a little booklet
here the nice artwork some picture
million pictures of contracts of the
band from about the 1989
era but cool stuff not only do you get
that booklet you also get the coupon
coupon card so you can go and download
the mp3 version for free if you want to
but on TV someone in here dog but you
probably already have it hey all you
will have you like this why would you
want that that is gorgeous both Phil
piece and wise from a gram banking
ground-breaking man don't even need to
talk about it rap is available mr. of us
it's a collector's item if your music
man if you're in a bondsman a lot of
people are if you're a rock and roll fan
if you appreciate just the history
runner over just to have this just ahead
listen to your collection is no you
gotta have it you got em like this so
you know we're up here Bible com
young apparently on Amazon era proxy is
itchy ass 1227 Nietzsche was pricey too
fatty arises on 2199 190 go ahead by now
folks anyway you can I don't know how
many copies are going for instance this
I'm sure if they go off your own company
over a couple years but you definitely
want to buy upon these snacks mouth why
it's cheap from LB revival come up here
about some likely a sticker would send
you want to leave follow us on Twitter
send us your address you'll see one of
these hook you up and style I hope you
like the album I'll be watching for us
with another one of these videos very
soon and going to be reviewing some
stuff it was going to be a bed of our
shop lot albums like this and some other
nice stuff that you may enjoy Gregor
players using memorabilia wat have you
concerts whatever we can come up with no
so so keep keep all those checks out of
likes able to give you some free stuff
you know
if you sign up for days later we're
liable to give you a free have another
tomorrow you know but some of you beer
buddy giving away the bong ah follow us
laforest listen to this record hope you
like it we are if you revival on Steve
and he said he's out folks